[Music]
the future the polar ice caps have
melted and the earth lies beneath a
watery grave those who survived have
adapted to a new world what did you see
out there in the 50 winners such as and
and names all this water that's for the
wrong person
pure dairy so what's the word we trading
or not and the human dream is the search
for a mythical place called dry land
because I still farther than most of
dreams
I've never seen it
this place this whole way of living it's
ending
strongly knee directly directly to
dryland Thailand is not just our
destination but it is our destiny
[Applause]
Universal Pictures presents the world
unlike any you have ever seen
Kevin Costner
Dennis Hopper Jeanne Tripplehorn
Waterworld
[Music]